Docs for the inbox Schedule page (#976)
novuhq/docs: content/docs/platform/sdks/react/hooks/use-schedule.mdx

## Hook parameters

<TypeTable
  type={{
    onSuccess: {
      type: "(data: Schedule) => void",
      description:
        "Callback function called when the schedule is successfully fetched",
    },
    onError: {
      type: "(error: NovuError) => void",
      description: "Callback function called when an error occurs",
    },
  }}
/>

## Return value

<TypeTable
  type={{
    schedule: {
      type: "Schedule | undefined",
      description: "The subscriber's current schedule object",
      typeDescription: "undefined if data is not yet loaded",
    },
    error: {
      type: "NovuError | undefined",
      description: "Error object if the request failed",
    },
    isLoading: {
      type: "boolean",
      description: "True during the initial load, false otherwise",
      default: "true",
    },
    isFetching: {
      type: "boolean",
      description:
        "True while any request is in flight (initial load or refetch), false otherwise",
      default: "true",
    },
    refetch: {
      type: "() => Promise<void>",
      description: "Function to manually trigger a refetch of the schedule",
    },
  }}
/>

## Schedule type

> The `Schedule` type from `@novu/react` includes these properties:

Reviewer: Add intro paragraphs to the previous two sections so that they are consistent with this one.

<TypeTable
  type={{
    isEnabled: {
      type: "boolean",
      description: "Global flag to enable or disable the entire schedule.",
    },
    weeklySchedule: {
      type: "object",
      description: "An object containing the schedule for each day of the week (for example, monday, tuesday). Each key holds a DaySchedule object.",
    },
  }}
/>

> Each `DaySchedule` object within `weeklySchedule` has the following structure:

Reviewer: I would put a heading above this, something about schedule object structure.

<TypeTable
  type={{
    isEnabled: {
      type: "boolean",
      description: "Flag to enable or disable the schedule for this specific day.",
    },
    hours: {
      type: "Array<{ start: string; end: string; }>",
      description: "An array of time ranges for when notifications are allowed. Multiple ranges per day are supported (for example, 9-12 AM and 2-5 PM).",
    },
  }}
/>

## Updating the schedule

The hook also allows updating the subscriber’s schedule via `schedule.update`:

```tsx
const handleClick = async () => {
  await schedule?.update({
    isEnabled: true,
    weeklySchedule: {
      monday: {
        isEnabled: true,
        hours: [{ start: '08:00 AM', end: '18:00 PM' }],
      },
    }
  })
};
```

## Example usage

> Here's how to use the `useSchedule` hook to display and update a subscriber's notification schedule. The `schedule.update()` method will create a schedule if one doesn't exist or update the existing one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here's how to use the `useSchedule` hook to display and update a subscriber's notification schedule. The `schedule.update()` method creates a schedule if one doesn't exist or updates the existing one.
```
